README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="lens protocol logo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12957692/193897314-e6d265e2-6951-4799-ad29-5bd881e04fc5.svg" width="150" >
  <h1 align="center">Awesome Lens Protocol</h1>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="#buildstatus">
      <img alt="build status badge" src="https://github.com/0xJuancito/awesome-lens-protocol/workflows/Build/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/0xJuancito/awesome-lens-protocol/graphs/contributors">
      <img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/0xJuancito/awesome-lens-protocol">
    </a>    
    <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com">
      <img alt="pull requests welcome badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat">
    </a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">A curated list of awesome <a href="https://lens.xyz/">Lens Protocol</a> projects, resources, libraries, and tools on GitHub.</p>
  <p align="center">Please check the <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">contribution guidelines</a> for information on formatting and writing pull requests.</p>
    <p align="center">For an exhaustive list of apps please check the official <a href="https://www.lens.xyz/apps">Lensverse Directory</a>.</p>


</div>

## Projects Built On Lens

### Mobile Apps

- [Phaver](https://phaver.com/) - Share-to-earn decentralized social platform.
- [Onboard](https://twitter.com/Onboard_HQ) - The social media you deserve
- [Orb](https://orb.ac/) - Best place to network in web3.

### Social Platforms

- [Clipto](https://github.com/Clipto-Platform/clipto-frontend) - Personalized videos from your favorite Creators.
- [Iris](https://github.com/irisxyz/iris) - The future of decentralized social.
- [Lenster](https://github.com/lensterxyz/lenster) - Decentralized, and permissionless social media app.
- [Lenstube](https://github.com/lenstube-xyz/lenstube) - Decentralized video-sharing social media platform.
- [Lumiere](https://github.com/m1guelpf/lumiere) - Web3 video platform.
- [Share](https://theshr.xyz/) - Publish, Read, Connect and Collect the Best Books of Your Favorite Authors.
- [TeaParty](https://app.teaparty.life/) - Social-&-Earn (S&E) protocol.
- [Yup](https://app.yup.io/feed/lens) - Social network for Curators.

### DeFi

- [Alps Finance](https://alps.finance/) - Decentralized social trading network.

### Marketplace

- [LensPort](https://lensport.io/) - Discover, collect, and sell Posts.

### Feeds

- [Lensta](https://www.lensta.xyz/) - Image feed.

### Tools

- [Cultivator](https://github.com/maui-r/cultivator) - Explore the Lens Protocol Social Graph.
- [Encrypted Messaging for Lens](https://github.com/GrgW/lens-encrypted-messaging-redacted) - Encrypt messages for a Lens Profile or their Followers.
- [Inlens](https://github.com/0xJuancito/inlens) - Find your friends from Twitter.
- [Lensalert](https://lensalert.me) - Lens notifications in Telegram.
- [Lensdrop](https://github.com/jelilat/lensdrop) - Reward your Lens Protocol followers and fans with airdrops and special prizes.
- [Lensfrens](https://www.lensfrens.xyz/) - Profiles based on your web3 footprint.
- [Meetvers](https://app.meetvers.io/) - Find friends with similar Web3 footprint.
- [Reflect](https://reflect.withlens.app/) - Reflect your Lens posts to Twitter.
- [Sepana](https://github.com/sepana-io/lens-search-frontend) - Search and explore its posts, people, and connections.
- [World ID Lens](https://github.com/worldcoin/world-id-lens) - Human verification for Lens Protocol with World ID.
- [Lens Apps Stats](https://lens.decentree.com/) - Statistics for social media apps on the Lens Protocol.

### Browser Extentions

- [Focalize](https://github.com/FocalizeApp/focalize-extension) - Quickly posting to Lens Protocol.
- [Reroot](https://github.com/stuntzii/Reroot) - A browser extension for Twitter that lets you also post to Lens.

### Memes

- [re-meme](https://github.com/WeAreNewt/re-meme) - The on-chain meme remixer.
- [Superfun](https://lens.superfun.social/) - A social app for Meme artists to get rewarded for their super fun content.

## Integrations

- [ENS](https://lenster.xyz/posts/0x01-0x4e) - Decentralised naming for wallets, websites, & more.
- [Proof of Humanity](https://docs.lens.xyz/docs/on-chain-identity#proofofhumanity) - Sybil-resistant registry of Humans.
- [Push Protocol](https://twitter.com/pushprotocol/status/1576959192761438209) - The communication protocol of web3.
- [Zerion](https://zerion.io/blog/zerion-integrates-lens-protocols-web3-social-graph/) - Smart, Social Web3 Wallet.

## Development

### Libraries & Build Tools

- [API Docs](https://docs.lens.xyz/) - Official Lens API documentation.
- [Brand Kit](https://github.com/lens-protocol/brand-kit) - Branding assets.
- [Contracts](https://github.com/lens-protocol/core/tree/main/contracts) - Lens Protocol contracts.
- [Greenhouse](https://github.com/dsimmons/greenhouse) - Grow and spread your web3 roots.
- [lens.js](https://github.com/suhailkakar/lens.js) - JavaScript SDK.
- [Lens Kit](https://github.com/daoleno/lenskit) - Lens Protocol Kit.
- [Subgraph](https://github.com/protofire/lens-protocol-subgraph) - The Graph subgraph.

### Modules
- [Lens Modules](https://github.com/lens-protocol/modules) - Repository for adding collect, follow and reference modules.
- [Poll Module](https://github.com/allemanfredi/lens-protocol-poll-module) - Anonymous poll voting module.

### Examples

- [API examples](https://github.com/lens-protocol/api-examples) - Official API examples.
- [Frontend examples](https://github.com/dabit3/lens-protocol-frontend) - Example of a basic front end.

## Resources

### Stats
- [Dune - Lens](https://dune.com/niftytable/Lens) - Lens dashboard in Dune.
- [Dune - Lens and Lenster](https://dune.com/gm365/lens) - Lens and Lenster dashboard in Lens.
- [Lens Analytics](https://github.com/chiragbadhe/lensanalytics) - Metrics On Lens Ecosystem.
- [Leaderboards WithLens](https://github.com/m1guelpf/lens-leaderboard) - Most followed, active, collected shared profiles.
- [Lenstats](https://github.com/0xadewale/lens-stats) - Find stats about your community and organize giveaways.
- [Official Stats](https://stats.lens.xyz/) - Official Lens stats.

### Other Resources

- [Alchemy Lens Client Tutorial](https://docs.alchemy.com/docs/how-to-create-a-decentralized-twitter-with-lens-protocol) - Alchemy University tutorial for building a Lens frontend.
- [Claim Profile](https://claim.lens.xyz/) - Claim your handle.
- [CultivatorDAO](https://mirror.xyz/lensprotocol.eth/pIzwjs9uhH8eSS1Bx0K1r-3iHEgLlBt6ruPXcEJe0S0) - A new era for open, decentralized content moderation in Web3.
- [Video Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcxOdWWL8xs) - Building a Social Media App with Lens Protocol, Next.js, and GraphQL.

### Other Awesome Lists

- [Lens useful links and resources](https://nelsonrodmar.notion.site/Lens-useful-link-and-resource-2d5f42687fa843e08c8ef54761dee044) - by [NelsonRodMar](https://lenster.xyz/u/nelsonrodmar.lens)

## LICENSE

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add memester.xyz to Memes section of Projects

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="lens protocol logo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12957692/193897314-e6d265e2-6951-4799-ad29-5bd881e04fc5.svg" width="150" >
  <h1 align="center">Awesome Lens Protocol</h1>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="#buildstatus">
      <img alt="build status badge" src="https://github.com/0xJuancito/awesome-lens-protocol/workflows/Build/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/0xJuancito/awesome-lens-protocol/graphs/contributors">
      <img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/0xJuancito/awesome-lens-protocol">
    </a>    
    <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com">
      <img alt="pull requests welcome badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat">
    </a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">A curated list of awesome <a href="https://lens.xyz/">Lens Protocol</a> projects, resources, libraries, and tools on GitHub.</p>
  <p align="center">Please check the <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">contribution guidelines</a> for information on formatting and writing pull requests.</p>
    <p align="center">For an exhaustive list of apps please check the official <a href="https://www.lens.xyz/apps">Lensverse Directory</a>.</p>


</div>

## Projects Built On Lens

### Mobile Apps

- [Phaver](https://phaver.com/) - Share-to-earn decentralized social platform.
- [Onboard](https://twitter.com/Onboard_HQ) - The social media you deserve
- [Orb](https://orb.ac/) - Best place to network in web3.

### Social Platforms

- [Clipto](https://github.com/Clipto-Platform/clipto-frontend) - Personalized videos from your favorite Creators.
- [Iris](https://github.com/irisxyz/iris) - The future of decentralized social.
- [Lenster](https://github.com/lensterxyz/lenster) - Decentralized, and permissionless social media app.
- [Lenstube](https://github.com/lenstube-xyz/lenstube) - Decentralized video-sharing social media platform.
- [Lumiere](https://github.com/m1guelpf/lumiere) - Web3 video platform.
- [Share](https://theshr.xyz/) - Publish, Read, Connect and Collect the Best Books of Your Favorite Authors.
- [TeaParty](https://app.teaparty.life/) - Social-&-Earn (S&E) protocol.
- [Yup](https://app.yup.io/feed/lens) - Social network for Curators.

### DeFi

- [Alps Finance](https://alps.finance/) - Decentralized social trading network.

### Marketplace

- [LensPort](https://lensport.io/) - Discover, collect, and sell Posts.

### Feeds

- [Lensta](https://www.lensta.xyz/) - Image feed.

### Tools

- [Cultivator](https://github.com/maui-r/cultivator) - Explore the Lens Protocol Social Graph.
- [Encrypted Messaging for Lens](https://github.com/GrgW/lens-encrypted-messaging-redacted) - Encrypt messages for a Lens Profile or their Followers.
- [Inlens](https://github.com/0xJuancito/inlens) - Find your friends from Twitter.
- [Lensalert](https://lensalert.me) - Lens notifications in Telegram.
- [Lensdrop](https://github.com/jelilat/lensdrop) - Reward your Lens Protocol followers and fans with airdrops and special prizes.
- [Lensfrens](https://www.lensfrens.xyz/) - Profiles based on your web3 footprint.
- [Meetvers](https://app.meetvers.io/) - Find friends with similar Web3 footprint.
- [Reflect](https://reflect.withlens.app/) - Reflect your Lens posts to Twitter.
- [Sepana](https://github.com/sepana-io/lens-search-frontend) - Search and explore its posts, people, and connections.
- [World ID Lens](https://github.com/worldcoin/world-id-lens) - Human verification for Lens Protocol with World ID.
- [Lens Apps Stats](https://lens.decentree.com/) - Statistics for social media apps on the Lens Protocol.

### Browser Extentions

- [Focalize](https://github.com/FocalizeApp/focalize-extension) - Quickly posting to Lens Protocol.
- [Reroot](https://github.com/stuntzii/Reroot) - A browser extension for Twitter that lets you also post to Lens.

### Memes

- [re-meme](https://github.com/WeAreNewt/re-meme) - The on-chain meme remixer.
- [Superfun](https://lens.superfun.social/) - A social app for Meme artists to get rewarded for their super fun content.
- [memester](https://memester.xyz/) - The NFT Meme Platform. Create memes and turn them into NFTs. Participate in meme competitions and win prizes

## Integrations

- [ENS](https://lenster.xyz/posts/0x01-0x4e) - Decentralised naming for wallets, websites, & more.
- [Proof of Humanity](https://docs.lens.xyz/docs/on-chain-identity#proofofhumanity) - Sybil-resistant registry of Humans.
- [Push Protocol](https://twitter.com/pushprotocol/status/1576959192761438209) - The communication protocol of web3.
- [Zerion](https://zerion.io/blog/zerion-integrates-lens-protocols-web3-social-graph/) - Smart, Social Web3 Wallet.

## Development

### Libraries & Build Tools

- [API Docs](https://docs.lens.xyz/) - Official Lens API documentation.
- [Brand Kit](https://github.com/lens-protocol/brand-kit) - Branding assets.
- [Contracts](https://github.com/lens-protocol/core/tree/main/contracts) - Lens Protocol contracts.
- [Greenhouse](https://github.com/dsimmons/greenhouse) - Grow and spread your web3 roots.
- [lens.js](https://github.com/suhailkakar/lens.js) - JavaScript SDK.
- [Lens Kit](https://github.com/daoleno/lenskit) - Lens Protocol Kit.
- [Subgraph](https://github.com/protofire/lens-protocol-subgraph) - The Graph subgraph.

### Modules
- [Lens Modules](https://github.com/lens-protocol/modules) - Repository for adding collect, follow and reference modules.
- [Poll Module](https://github.com/allemanfredi/lens-protocol-poll-module) - Anonymous poll voting module.

### Examples

- [API examples](https://github.com/lens-protocol/api-examples) - Official API examples.
- [Frontend examples](https://github.com/dabit3/lens-protocol-frontend) - Example of a basic front end.

## Resources

### Stats
- [Dune - Lens](https://dune.com/niftytable/Lens) - Lens dashboard in Dune.
- [Dune - Lens and Lenster](https://dune.com/gm365/lens) - Lens and Lenster dashboard in Lens.
- [Lens Analytics](https://github.com/chiragbadhe/lensanalytics) - Metrics On Lens Ecosystem.
- [Leaderboards WithLens](https://github.com/m1guelpf/lens-leaderboard) - Most followed, active, collected shared profiles.
- [Lenstats](https://github.com/0xadewale/lens-stats) - Find stats about your community and organize giveaways.
- [Official Stats](https://stats.lens.xyz/) - Official Lens stats.

### Other Resources

- [Alchemy Lens Client Tutorial](https://docs.alchemy.com/docs/how-to-create-a-decentralized-twitter-with-lens-protocol) - Alchemy University tutorial for building a Lens frontend.
- [Claim Profile](https://claim.lens.xyz/) - Claim your handle.
- [CultivatorDAO](https://mirror.xyz/lensprotocol.eth/pIzwjs9uhH8eSS1Bx0K1r-3iHEgLlBt6ruPXcEJe0S0) - A new era for open, decentralized content moderation in Web3.
- [Video Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcxOdWWL8xs) - Building a Social Media App with Lens Protocol, Next.js, and GraphQL.

### Other Awesome Lists

- [Lens useful links and resources](https://nelsonrodmar.notion.site/Lens-useful-link-and-resource-2d5f42687fa843e08c8ef54761dee044) - by [NelsonRodMar](https://lenster.xyz/u/nelsonrodmar.lens)

## LICENSE

[MIT](LICENSE)
